How much of the forecast was genuine and how much was fixed, it is a moot point.
I did touch them one time you see but of course there was nothing doing, he wanted me.
We find that choice theorists admit that they introduce a style of moral paternalism at odds with liberal values.
Well, here I am with an olive branch.
Its rudder and fin were both knocked out, and a four-foot-long gash in the shell meant even repairs on the bank were out of the question.
Over my dead body are you arresting him.
Don't let him pick a fight now, we're almost home.
He's a good fighter but there are certain points you can pick holes in.
Aggie finally found the cat a good home and from that day onwards she had kept up a running battle with her mice.
She left the citizens of Riverbank to their shouting match and struck off along the trail to the footpath.
You must sink your differences.
Brian, as ever, decided not to sit on the fence.
This is turning into one of those mediaeval disputes which split hairs endlessly.
So, you know, whilst I'm a little bit reluctant, in a way I think that's water under the bridge, and in my view actually the extension improves it all.
In 1978, in an attempt to wipe the slate clean, Pinochet declared an amnesty to cover all human rights abuses since the coup.
Doctors who tried to help the wounded were caught in the crossfire, and in some places ambulances also came under attack.
I think we need a meeting to get it laid down, we need a meeting to clear the air or not clear the air necessarily but get some definitions down.
Hitler, of course, was dead set against a war between Britain and Germany.
Well, what about the view, let me kind of play devil's advocate here against Freud and Bullett.
We'd fight like cat and dog.
They were always at it, hammer and tongs you know, they had what would be called something similar to a steam hammer..
Er we've all got to be friends in this situation, let bygones be bygones.
For Lisa's sake, for Celia's sake, perhaps it would be better to let sleeping dogs lie.
Here we are at loggerheads with the rival practice, and I've gone and fallen in love with Robert's assistant.
Rugby league's deadliest rivals lock horns in the season's big curtain-raiser at Gateshead tomorrow.
For a brother and sister act, there was certainly no love lost between them.
Trust a woman to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Is that much ado about nothing really?
Well, you weren't gonna argue the toss.
Then, in 1981, all hell broke loose in the Cambridge English Faculty.
Battle lines are drawn for control of the Norfolk Capital hotels group.
Chantal hissed, her eyes locked on his in a battle of wills.
Personal appearances always seemed to be a bone of contention.
I've got a bone to pick with one club.
For once, the UK is in the good books of the European Space Agency.
For God's sake bury the hatchet.
I really should er phone Breezy up and call his bluff and find out
I think if we knew what those heart and lung transplants cost, people would be up in arms that the National Health Service is being expected to fund that.
Do me a favour and get off my back.
Someone was saying on television, one of those, er petrol weekend things, about all the black things, and they they were saying, you know, the black a black mood.
It was only a suggestion, Robyn; there's no need to blow a fuse.
Blow a gasket.
If you blow your top, they'll nick you double quick.
Dear Father Christmas, I have a bone to pick with you.
You sound cheesed off, what's the matter?
I would come down like a ton of bricks on imprecise ensemble, where others would readily accept the fault if the interpretation was up to it.
For crying out loud.
I read the paper and I saw a glow worm in it, so I cut it out and gave it to him and he stuck it up in the factory.
Do not mention them, they would eat you alive.
He was fit to be tied when I separated from Hugh, and he seems to blame me for the whole thing.
Don't fly off the handle, Ma.
I suppose you're planning to make me foam at the mouth and gabble in obsolete tongues.
"But notice kick the bucket appears as a verb phrase.
It would get on my nerves.
Oh will you give it a rest.
Now though, the gloves are off.
Just as he will not tolerate questions about his private life, so he will also go ballistic if bureacrats attempt to meddle in his creative decisions.
Now don't go off the deep end.
Old Stevenson would go spare if he knew.
Yeah, it's good riddance, probably.
Vegetarianism is purely a matter of choice and there's no people that harp on about you shouldn't eat meat.
Some got extremely hot under the collar about it.
All right, don't jump down my throat.
When someone tells you the answer you kick yourself.
It is not particularly to make a song and dance about it.
So I mean you, you just mind your own business.
Both sides, as so often in such debates, generated more heat than light.
Emily has a quick temper.
You normally go in and rant and rave.
Was it going to be a rap on the knuckles for quality?
She could scream blue murder, but half an hour later would be the life of a dinner party, for she was very vain and never missed a chance to show herself off.
He already said he could see red and green.
Yanto, who would do anything for anybody who asked him nicely, also had a very short fuse when it came to insults.
It's steamed up between the layers is that what you're looking at.
That's what'd stick in my throat.
Because I like you, Breeze, and it makes my blood boil to think of you slaving away as you do.
An eighteen year old married an eighty one year old, now that is going too far.
Well you'll take the biscuit out of the Wednesday thing won't you?
Surrealism was definitely the last straw.
He was just about to throw a wobbly, surely the sales department should be dealing with this.
I know you are too stupid to understand this but I will talk slowly and loudly and hope that you won't try my patience too far.
Obviously you're annoyed about that letter you received - but that doesn't give you the right to vent your spleen on me.
Yanto waited for a reply to his offer with bated breath.
The slightest skirl of the pipes makes the retired cleaner go weak at the knees, break out in a cold sweat and shake uncontrollably.
Because he was a bundle of nerves, he couldn't keep still.
Hopping about like a cat on hot bricks when a little reasoned thought would serve you better.
The line was plucking nicely through my fingers and, with my heart in my mouth, I wound the pick up in and struck.
Hold your breath and push, seems to work on me.
But then it's probably a case of ignorance is bliss.
He says you have to have nerves of steel.
Oh that's better, got some pins and needles in my  knees.
It was just really terrible, I mean at first I was just scared stiff that I  couldn't enjoy the dance on Sunday.
So these are hung on tenterhooks directly hammered straight into the wall.
Tongue tied.
I'm at my wits end.
Ants in your pants, darling?
Once it was known that Terry Gill was wanted for questioning, a young constable who knew him, all bright eyed and bushy tailed, pointed out that his van had been parked in the car-park all day within fifty yards of the Incident Room.
Cause a stir if nothing else wouldn't it?
Fred Klepner had been in and out of both Mark's and Pat Muldoon's offices, which were only a few yards apart, like an eager beaver.
He had me on the edge of my seat a couple of times.
His performance at fever pitch.
I shall go the extra mile.
Hold your horses then Mr Curtis.
A bit further, give us a smile, lick your lips, Gilly.
To begin with I found it almost too much to take on board, but it was all extremely thought-provoking and I had to make a decision to put my heart into it or not to bother at all.
So I can't go away in the autumn now cos that's just when everybody starts raring to go and wanting to get started on next year's programme.
And it is I, not you, who must bear the brunt of it.
It's got nothing to do with the fact that he got bent out of shape at an early age and has been shaping laughs out of the kinks ever since.
How dare you do thing like that, you know, you're sort of, you, you just can't, you're almost beside yourself, as you're trying to use up all that adrenaline, all that energy that's poured into your body as you try to help that child across the road, knowing in actual fact you can't.
But I was, I was bored to tears.
You've got a chip on your shoulder about James.
I didn't know I could have such a good time so close to home.
The leisurewear industry would come apart at the seams, literally, without this indispensable fastening.
Lexandro felt cut to the quick, and wished he could kill this impertinent if perceptive Sergeant.
Yeah it is deep down isn't it?
He waited to be instructed, what else a Rifleman could do to be less like a fish out of water in a battalion of Grenadiers.
In a fit of pique, she'd included some wild canvases in the last show.
Well despite that freudian slip there, no they don't take problem owners.
Try to get a grip on yourself and tell me about it.
You could get it out of your system.
Jane could not get worked up about any car.
How did he go to pieces, when you say he went to pieces?
I groan inwardly at the prospect of a night playing Happy Families with a bunch of desk-jockeys and number-crunchers.
Both of them were breathing hard, such a hurry and scramble of lips, hands, such a heat inside and between them, he stuffed one small breast into his mouth and then the other, giving her the same churn of astonished guilty pleasure as when she lay on her bed in the afternoons and read the forbidden books she smuggled home from the library.
So I go, have a job to find it he just looks at me hard as nails.
Two weeks on perfect sand in sunshine nine to five; she'd returned with an all-over tan feeling wonderful and hey presto, head over heels in love with Astrid.
I wonder what's brought this change of heart?
To fight for King and Country; to keep a stiff upper lip and a devil-may-care sangfroid, no matter if he were scared shitless.
I was, as a newly arrived curate, somewhat taken aback and went home to lick my wounds.
Look on the bright side, you managed two more than I did.
Did you have a lump in your throat?
I have very mixed feelings about it.
No hard feelings, darling, so nice you're getting married?
Since immigrants from hot countries have settled here for generations, surviving the cold, icy blast, the hybrid English, with the blood of many nations in their veins will not turn a hair at the cooler climate or the cooler neighbours.
Now that's a quick fix and hasn't cost anything, hasn't put anybody's nose out of joint.
Why open old wounds?
Not only are characters within the tale likened to animals for instance the miller, proud as a peacock, with his skull.
Yeah, pleased as punch.
Time to plan a dumpbin and regain my composure.
But really, what, all they wanted to do was save face from the hospital because it wasn't our fault.
The reason why I have a soft spot for this notebook, he wrote.
But her silence, and her eyebrows, speak volumes.
We let off steam in graffiti, vandalism and football hooliganism.
The windows upstairs are all steamed up.
He won't eat dumplings, if he sees dumplings in a stew he'll puke.
Come clean Steve. Swallow your pride.
He doesn't come and whisper sweet nothings in our ears.
Mind you, when I was skivvying for that Brixton fam'ly, the head of the fam'ly didn't' alf take a fancy to me.
Providing the income you will need after you stop work can take a load off your mind.
Don't tear your hair out.
Rather than wear your heart on your sleeve, you keep it under your hat.
So these are hangings erm hung on tenterhooks directly hammered straight into the wall.
Miss H. is no more a lesbian than you are, so stop being silly and just thank your lucky stars that she's teaching Constance so much.
Those two lassies, they think the world of you.
You're unusually well informed,' Bailey said with thinly veiled sarcasm.
Pain and nausea swept over him in waves that left him hot and sticky and weak at the knees.
As long as you don't die with bells on your ankles.
Suddenly Water Gypsy' s hitherto charming interior seemed claustrophobic, and she decided a brisk walk along the towpath might blow away the cobwebs and the fit of blues that bedevilled her
Chill out, Tal.
But I'm in my element then aren't I?
Feast your eyes on this little dazzler a gem in a million.
Listen to the way he sings the phase ' Footloose And Fancy Free',
The Jamboree was in full swing.
Because you know they came up, they were full of the joys of spring, looking around, chatting to their friends.
Both of them were breathing hard, such a hurry and scramble of lips, hands, such a heat inside and between them, he stuffed one small breast into his mouth and then the other, giving her the same churn of astonished guilty pleasure as when she lay on her bed in the afternoons and read the forbidden books she smuggled home from the library.
Ooh well they used to well they didn't used to sing a lot of songs but er they used to do a lot of you know playing about and perhaps and then they'd perhaps have a ball.
But you can be sure that you'll have the time of your life.
And mummy will have a whale of a time.
It's only when you let your hair down that others can see the real person hiding under the hat.
Are you always the life and soul of the party?
By the time they were ready to leave she was having to use every ounce of effort to convince Andr that no, she didn't want to paint the town red, or any other colour, for that matter, and no, she didn't want to have any candlelit dinners with him.
So you told her you were sick and now you're going to sneak out, hoping that you'll be back before the party is over.
No. He was only pulling your leg.
Come off it, pull the other one.
No punch line.
He is not a flamboyant man, nor is he much of a social butterfly except by comparison with the rest of his senior colleagues who tend to keep to their own counsel and lives in Barnes.
Now take it easy, don't get panicky.
It is not clear where Sir Trevor learned to tickle the ivories.
After that, the world is your oyster, as they say.
For the past five days now she had been living somewhere on cloud nine, and had decided that she might just as well set up home there, as it was such a wonderful place to be.
Cry my eyes out, make an absolute wally of myself and now you tell me he was a Repo Man.
so, he said that she's feeling a bit down in the dumps and quite moody.
That erm, made me laugh because he said to his secretary, erm, you know, I I honestly don't think your time is she is so down in the mouth.
To pretend as the sister said, that because she and another sister share lesbian sexuality, that that is the only thing, I think is living in a fools paradise.
Mr Crangle was grinning from ear to ear.
They're going to have to come out of the forests,' he replied, with a grin like a Cheshire cat.
He seemed as happy as Larry trailing round the greasy dustbins of Bristol till nuclear war broke out or the police nabbed him for pilfering a used Tesco bag.
I wish I could happy go lucky like that.
The voice sings along with the song, then turns into a hum. Your heart sinks. You were hoping he was alone in the house.
Female speaker I jump for joy... but until I hear from the Foreign Office or from Martin, I won't believe it.
I suppose that comments like that are music to your ears?
Never look back, Gerry always said.
It's a little lad and I looked through a window, I could see Judith holding this baby but you had to walk round to get to her and I knew before you'd got there and you were all over the moon about this little baby and everything.
She was not quite sure what all of them were laughing about but there they were, rolling about with mirth, and Herbert Fraser looking as pleased as Punch.
Everybody else was in raptures. And I thought, oh not Norma.
So, though there are no stars in your eyes, you consider yourself beyond temptation?'
Constance was in seventh heaven, the dresses, the hats, the model girls, everything appeared perfect to her.
Oh Tilly was thrilled to bits with that little that little plastic thing.
I'm tickled pink. If I wasn't, I wouldn't have kept quiet about you and him, would I?
These are things you can't afford to lose, not at this time of your life.
Erm since we've got together we, we are on top of the world.
You feel, at the end of the treatment you feel as if you're walking on air.
I will go bananas.
We have gone from being the bread basket of Central America to being its basket case.
Some philosophers know a lot about bells and think that everyone who hears ringing noises in their ears must have bats in the belfry.
It was your harebrained idea.
Oh, just thinking, I'm not all there.
It may very well be that I'm not playing with a full deck.
If you think about it long enough you'll go nuts.
You're off your rocker.
I swear you have a screw loose.
I must have gone stark raving mad.
I'm gonna get stir crazy not being able to play badminton I know, and I score, it's gonna drive me crazy.
It may well be necessary to botch up repairs using hurdles, bedsteads, corrugated iron sheets, scraps of wire netting, and baler twine.
It is now time, however, that I eat my words.
Freudian slip there.
Come clean Steve, swallow your pride.
It was involved with your trial and error and practice, but it was certainly involved with Vicky and that is watching, or learning from okay.
This picture of Dreadnought was so wide of the mark that Willis found it better to say nothing, simply making a gesture which had something in common with a petty officer's salute.
Servants bow and scrape.
Yes, the done thing for driving horses to canter or gallop on the road, they never ever should.
They didn't switch off when he played bloody hell with' em, excuse my French er President, but this is how it went, he couldn't give a damn about you bloody lot, he kept the television on, it just showed his frustration.
Of course, en suite has long been de rigueur, if you'll pardon my French, in hotels nationwide.
Perhaps next time you'll inform me first before you gatecrash my party and throw yourself into the fountain.
So watch your language.
Don't overstep the mark too far, Mr Calder.
Did I speak out of turn?
Come on now, Malachi, don't stand on ceremony here at home.
So they find your particular weakness, your Achilles heel and they'd go for that.
The government takes the view that President Clinton was simply addressing domestic critics of his foreign policy and that his complaints shouldn't set the alarm bells ringing.
Or an electric fire then you would be asking for trouble because you'd be trying to draw out.
Someone came out of The Two Pheasants and latched the door back to the wall hospitably.
At which point she unlocked her ball and chain.
They are the bane of my life.
The fuel gauge had gone on the blink shortly after the start.
Anyway, it's a bit of a can of worms that to be quite honest
In the Army someone has to carry the can.
They're in a Catch 22 situation.
There's always a chill wind blowing off that river.
The only cloud on the horizon was a boy called Dennis Dawson.
That needn't of come to a head like that really.
Tomorrow, I promise, come hell or high water.
It'll come out in the wash I guess.
She was a kind of Stakhanovite worker in the field of female suffering, setting new targets for pain, finding each week some new emotional cross to bear.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Ah, that is the crux of the matter, is it not?
It's alright but you get to the bottom of those stairs and sometimes feel lost.
It's an embarrassing thing for a fault-tolerant vendor to have to say, but a bug in Guardian for the Tandem Computers Inc NonStop CLX machines caused them to reset their clocks to December 1,1983 on November 1, causing systems with time-dependent programs to go haywire.
When the going gets tough, it's these people who react best.
But sometimes you grasp at straws.
Cambridge were left high and dry for a time this afternoon as Oxford followed in the footsteps of many a champion.
She was in dire straits.
I don't want to leave him in the lurch
Yeah, very much a last resort and it's usually, erm as a result of ill treatment.
In fact, you're a girl who's going places -- once you've untied yourself from this man who's been like a millstone around your neck for the last four years.
Get that tray along to the study, or there'll be murder to pay.
They viewed such methods as a necessary evil, unavoidable yet somehow beneath their dignity.
The Economist circulation is now five hundred and twenty five thousand each week, and although their er year is out of sync with ours, I expect the profits for the year to be at or near record levels once again.
He did his best to paper over the cracks.
I think that everyone seems to pass the buck.
If you are in a pickle, don't worry about it, because you can always phone Di up.
Yeah, if at the end of the day it's a quick fix then.
The Bookman put on a brave face and smiled, but Endill knew there was nothing to smile about.
But we are saved by the bell.
Trained as they were, the psychiatrists on the screening tests had failed to scratch the surface of her most secret place.
I put a spanner in the works of one of the companies that later merged to form Spinward.
You spell trouble, and I want you out of the way.
The cost of redeveloping a dilapidated shopping arcade into flats could spiral out of control, a councillor has warned.
If he wasn't there then I would say that you you'd be on a sticky wicket, because most terms of employment say that if you er have a driving licence and you lose it then your employment will automatically finish.
But why stir up a hornet 's nest by accusing Erdle when murder hasn't been mentioned?
The game desperately needs a strong Leeds but if they don't stop the rot soon they can say goodbye to a top eight place, let alone the top.
And that we don't want to put up anything that'll be a stumbling block, to people coming.
So you take the bull by the horns or you don't.
So we now take the easy way out by using gas which we carry with us.
She paused for a moment to watch Rose, who by now resembled a tar baby stuck all over with dirty wool.
The Governor admits there have been teething problems which need sorting out.
Mr Ridley would not be drawn on the thorny issue of rail privatisation other then to say that investment was urgently needed in Britain.
Labour would throw money at industry.
The submersible rose higher in the dock, the overflowing sea rushing like a tide over their boots.
Eight extra bullets in a tight spot could mean the difference between life and death.
Presumably that's just the tip of the iceberg.
She had to admit that he would almost certainly not see the situation as an unmitigated disaster.
But, somehow, he sensed that that would be an uphill battle.
Well they can finally expel you but it's a vicious circle, I mean it goes on and on and on.
He got back here late this morning, saying the swap had gone without a hitch and clutching the photograph of Sam we'd been promised.
We do have to take a leaf, a little bit out of Kenzie's book from the n-- the late nineteen thirties and afterwards, that when things are receding, you don't batten down the hatches, you don't simply close things in.
He just took a calculated risk on the spur of the moment.
He decided to throw caution to the wind before Selwyn came over for his tea.
Close shave, that one.
Yeah, Geoff. Tell him the coast is clear.
Treasurers suffer the erm, the occupational hazard that they always, to some extent, have to cry wolf.
Hoomey's teeth were chattering after his dice with death.
There is a legal case pending, and it is a very, very dicey situation.
And with marks to prove it, that er just sort of one false move and my job with life was over.
The whole area seemed fraught with danger.
You escaped death by a hair 's breadth.
Obey them to the letter and you will be well rewarded -- any bungling or playing the fool and I doubt you'll live to tell the tale
Don't you never look before you leap?
It's a no go area.
To keep the rod upright, out of harm 's way when not in use.
In a recent episode of a Music Television cartoon called Beavis and Butthead, the characters play with fire.
It is not in your nature to put your head on the block; so much I do know.
And would the swans find shelter from the storm, or ride it out like three-masted sailing ships?
Phil Angell asked him what does it take to risk life and limb.
Och he knows you're in safe hands like when you come round here.
Just to be on the safe side.
Safety in numbers.
You really do like to sail close to the wind, don't you?
Don't use your brother's name to save your neck.
A business worth three billion pounds a year is at stake.
If the bombing starts, take cover in the basement.
Better watch your step next time you drink whisky.
I reckon the teacher fell asleep at the wheel.
I could do with forty winks right now and Otley would never miss me.
Come on old girl, up the golden stairs, let's hit the hay.
I suppose it came into my room for a few minutes to see a book I'd been telling him about, then he left and I hit the sack.
If this were a simple and one-way movement, the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible.
Oh I was out like a light, but on the  I don't think you'd bloody wake me if I had one now.
By the time he arrived at Amanda's he was ready to drop.
And the, the swaying of the ship and I used to sleep like a log.
And then sleep on it.
I can not sleep a wink now.
Like the Carters', the Parsons' marriage was in turn-around, only there it was Dennis who was the sleeping partner.
Given that the main impetus behind EMU is the desire of the French to get a seat on the Bundesbank, and given the fact that the Germans hold all the aces, this is hardly surprising.
She ended a bedraggled also-ran, trailing in ninth.
But if you blow the whole lot on celebrating you will be back to square one.
No, I've looked in the bag.
The tree was destroyed before it could bear fruit.
If the police went charging up a blind alley as a result of her information, it wouldn't be her fault.
Its reputation rests on classy programmes often made as international co-productions like David Attenborough's blockbuster natural history series.
Then came the Gulf war and, as Harry Coe recalls, the bottom fell out of the market.
Can Desert Orchid the champion bring the house down and win.
Never get anything done in this life if you don't chance your arm.
Anne Dawson, had your chips?
If I come to grief, Hilary, then so will you.
Sure an' they must be pleased seein' the geddle come up in the world like she has.
This will include male 40, 45 and 50 plus events plus male and female categories, with the first three finishers to count. With 400 to the first man home and 300 to the first lady and considerable training grants throughout, Lisburn looks sure to turn up trumps once again.
Today's sticker is from the French Grand Prix he won to get back on course for the title with his sixth superb victory.
He says that he managed to stay on the crest of the wave.
The first principle of success in any walk of life is to know when to cut your losses.
You cut your own throat already when you wrote the script for Connie's disappearance.
He tell me that it is a dead cert, we can make an absolute killing by taking a percentage of the profits.
They think I'm a dead duck but it's not been a time you could write off.
As far as I'm concerned, community care's dead in the water.
When he stands alone in such a place confronted by several police officers, usually some of high rank, the dice are loaded against him, especially as he knows there is no one to corroborate him as to what exactly occurred during the interrogation, how it was conducted and how long it lasted
It was all downhill to the causeway, and the turf was smooth.
But I draw a blank with hazelnuts.
I'm gon na fall flat on my bum.
McLeish smiled to himself at the swift fall from grace in the postscript.
It might be a good one and if you could get an appointment as their vet it would be another feather in your cap
While all her instincts balked against becoming too enmeshed with Vitor, she seemed destined to fight a losing battle.
Yeah but it's a flash in the pan.
It was a test that the Three-Ninetieth passed with flying colours destroying thirteen enemy aircraft and achieving excellent bombing results.
Another local team off to a flying start are Gloucester Rugby club.
This is a fool 's errand.
You know I don't like him having a foot in the door here.
If they can get a foothold in Europe they will have the chance to be bigger and better.
Aunt May is only the front runner.
But you haven't to let either of them get the better of you.
If the money was ploughed back into dog racing  tracks could improve amenities and strengthen security which would encourage more people to go to the dogs.
Erm, should the house go up in smoke, Theresa across the road run to her.
Because your dad's a manager, he's got it made.
The great creature fell on its knees in the snow.
For months the polls have been predicting an unprecedented landslide victory for the Right in next month's general election.
Halliwell said that these sexual experiments can only lead to a dead end.
Whereas before we were going up in leaps and bounds.
I reluctantly withdraw this motion, but I will say this, we live to fight another day.
Joe and I mean I come a long way
If you find yourself at a low ebb this weekend don't worry.
The station which persuaded him to make a comeback says it can't believe its luck.
Why did you make the cut worse?
They therefore faced no option other than to make a go of the business.
It was a bit like the rowing boat trying to make headway against the flow of the river near the weir.
We know that as soon as we try and make inroads into that it, it would absolutely mushroom.
He says he's really going to make a killing.
Right, they're the make or break areas which comprise your job.
Only adults make a pig 's ear of it when they first start fishing as adults.
Multiples such as W.H. Smith will certainly not miss the boat but the more traditional, book-focused groups may not even know there is a boat.
Is this the moment of truth, he wrote, or the greatest temptation?
Erm you probably all know Murphy 's law that what can go wrong will go wrong.
I'm not getting anywhere my legs aren't long enough
You say nothing succeeds like success and number seventeen is success and how do you spell success.
He married someone else in 1860 and drops out of the picture.
Most athletes win honestly, but some will do anything to finish ahead of the pack, even using illegal drugs.
He says well if you want to pack it in love.
Critically surveying her reflection, she told herself she would pass muster.
Britain's solar powered car takes its place in the sun.
She was under the impression that Charles had put the kibosh on any exclusive agreement with Barton, and most certainly nothing had been said about it.
I hope with all my heart that you find it a pyrrhic victory.
Anything to do with rags to riches is sure of a welcome if brightly done.
You see, as long as things were happening their faith was riding high.
I said yes I can rise to the occasion as well.
For sheer cleverness she could run rings around them all.
Some women certainly will sail through menopause with never a hot flush and no problems at all.
And if Emily had expected Craig to ride in on a white charger and save the day, she had been doomed to disappointment.
Here you are, sink or swim in you'd go into the water.
The sky 's the limit.
Skinflint Ebeneza is played by showbiz legened Anthony Newely, who starred in several smash hit musicals including Stop the World I Want to Get Off.
Maybe she is alive, said Wexford, more from a mischievous desire to throw a spanner in the works than from conviction.
Tommy Boyle told me not to throw in the towel
Well I know, but he didn't have top dog meat since he's been here.
And anything that's not on the up and up is, well I think it's detrimental to a mans life.
James after the home leg, said we will have to weather the storm.
Yet work organizations depend on shared power in win-win cooperative effort.
Eventually the Committee was to wither on the vine.
Have you got a wooden spoon there?
Now, was this forty thousand pounds a bolt from the blue or did you know it was coming to you?
It was my 85th birthday recently and out of the blue, a letter arrived from my daughter containing tickets for a four-day trip to Paris.
He had to do a double take, bumping into a filing cabinet.
Everyone looked round and Biff's jaw dropped.
She almost jumped out of her skin when she saw it.
It's Lil, power-dressed to knock your socks off, with all eyes blazing.
And lo and behold there isn't.
The North Tees hospital trust will be a nine-day wonder, Labour's health spokesman Robin Cook said yesterday.
But for many, stories about one night-stands are more inclined to raise eyebrows than get them giggling.
We all tend to put our hands in our pockets and stand rooted to the spot and all the rest of it but there are ways of overcoming it.
Wesley Smith Seeing is believing the videophone which takes the blind out of date.
Alyssia stopped dead in her tracks.
Charles was struck dumb trying to fathom what the man might possibly mean.
While it has been suggested that the IDA was taken unaware by the problems Raybestos encountered, its handling of the company was discreet in the extreme.
I say wonders will never cease I have just written a receipt  and I have put it in her envelope.
To get off a train with a total stranger, I really can not, well, words fail me.
Plod could herd them all together into a group, march them to and from their destinations, depriving them along the way of all alcohol  and beat the living daylights out of any who still insisted on stepping out of line.
Lapointe and the other Frenchman come to blows after the accident, or what?
Well you can guarantee they're gon na fight tooth and nail over this job creation scheme, to stop it.
I think they feared that we wouldn't at that stage we'd be opening up free for all of the kind which we've obviously been seeking to avoid thus far.
Now though, the gloves are off.
The more likely reason for this move is a tit for tat reaction.
What do they say, they're up in arms?
Well, I think cause suffering whatever it happens, but, surely why, I mean the elderly had to suffer through the wars so why should they have to suffer again now?
I've got my shoulder, my stomach er, I'm in the wars today.
How long that will last is a moot point.
Er, she says that she's er, there's absolutely nothing doing just at the moment.
I managed to win a couple of quid on Deano to score the first goal, at odds of 7-1.
Perhaps a bird had carried it down, as the dove had borne the olive branch.
Indeed, it was out of the question given the dollar's enfeebled position.
Over my dead body, I said.
Bernice made a vow never to pick a fight with him.
Don't you pick holes in my religion.
A clerk of Durham, collecting church-dues with an armed escort from Melrose, came into conflict yesterday evening with an equally large party of Normans under Flodwig of Dol, and a running battle ensued.
Roofer Clive Tibbett clocked up an ear-shattering 118.7 decibels in the shouting match.
I might be wrong, but I don't think so, but I have to sit on the fence you see as I get into trouble.
Don't split hairs.
That was a long time ago, there's been a lot of water under the bridge, why not talk again?
Having won already this season on the main tour  he believes he has it in him to do so again, though not to wipe the slate clean after his defeat in a play-off against Nick Faldo in 1990.
The ad-man opposite had been casting meaningful glances at her all evening, and the likeliest explanation seemed to be that she and Roger were doing a number together and I'd inadvertently got caught in the crossfire.
They wondered why it was that the storm had left them in this stifling, steamy condition when storms were supposed to clear the air.
They're telling me to go on the stage and act, but I can't do it, it's the one thing Mum and Dad are dead set against.
Yeah I'm acting as devil 's advocate in a sense.
No we've got we've got twenty or thirty girls back there hammer and tongs.
We will let bygones be bygones.
He was quite determined to let sleeping dogs lie.
The two bodies are often at loggerheads, and there are constant disputes over methods.
Today the world's top giant slalom men lock horns for vital early points in the World Cup battle which ends next March in Sweden.
There's no love lost.
A stylus that is tracking accurately tends not to make a mountain out of a molehill in the groove.
And he can't wait to start work on a movie version of the bard's famous play, Much Ado About Nothing.
Then you argue the toss amongst yourselves really, but you've got, you have to.
All hell broke loose.
The battle lines are drawn.
Their relationship was characterized by a battle of wills that Constance always made sure to win.
But Ilona's alter-ego remains a bone of contention between them.
Dear Father Christmas, I have a bone to pick with you.
He was really in the bad books over that.
Will you bury the hatchet for a while and dance with me?
She was tempted to call his bluff, hardly able to believe he'd carry out his threat.
Now if we were actually to do that in our service books, which is what one of the things that the Methodist conference suggests we consider, just crossing out and putting in the correct non-sexists language, I bet you that eighty percent of our church would be up in arms.
Then get off my back and I'll work on my own.
Somebody's in a black mood, they were objecting to that.
The electronic scoreboard at Leeds Road could blow a fuse when the Aussies play us next month.
You're a bit cheesed off are you Teresa?
Emulating its action against Hirac Inc in the US, Sparc International, the evangelising supporters group for Sun Microsystems Inc's RISC has come down like a ton of bricks on a small UK start-up trying to carve a living out of the Sparc-compatible space.
Come on for crying out loud.
No, me wanna cut it out tomorrow.
There's only one thing I'd like to do, beloved, and that's eat you alive.
But I don't want you to fly off the handle.
Meanwhile, the bristling bloodhounds of the sea lift the flesh along their backs, foam at the mouth dramatically and drop their heads to sniff for tracks.
Kick the bucket, eat humble pie, get your knickers in a twist all look like fairly complex transitive constructions.
Oh yeah, yeah used to get on my nerves.
Will you give it a rest love.
Officers at Darlington Borough Council say the gloves are off in the battle for compensation over the town's 12m Dolphin Centre sports complex.
If I meet a new act, I always try and assess their maturity in order to judge whether they might go off the deep end as soon as they have success.
He'd go spare.
Now on top of her injuries her insurance is set to go through the roof.
Good riddance.
Well, he did rather harp on what a lot of money he spent.
Hey, d' you hear about the fire-eater who couldn't go anywhere without meeting an old flame, made him feel really hot under the collar.
They plan to be back in Europe in October or November, and if their performances are anything like the last London one, you'll kick yourself for missing them.
Look here, there's no need to make a song and dance of it.
Can't you mind your own business?
This quick temper that flared at nothing, that was new.
In terms of how rant and rave for probably not very long and you don't get aggressive behaviour.
Glancing at those muscular knees, ruddy beneath the hem of his pleated tunic, she made up her mind that if he ever attempted to spank her again she would scream blue murder.
Now she could see red houses, swimming-pools, race tracks, skyscrapers sticking up like teeth, and roads and railways so uniformly crisscross they seemed like tiles on a vast kitchen floor.
Tom's a chap with a temper on a short fuse.
My glasses are all steamed up.
Did he want me to eat shit or the words stick in my throat and choke me?
It makes my blood boil, it's sacrilege.
Well I mean now basically the right question about a riff-raff goes back to the old idea whether you're going too far.
Clive Anderson O, while the mighty Sultans take the biscuit.
When the rations were yet again reduced, that was really the last straw.
If your marriage is on the rocks, the thing to do is throw a wobbly on a motorway at night so that your husband will put you out at the next lay-by.
You try my patience, Jenna.
And so you saw fit to vent your spleen on poor old Ling.
With bated breath and trying to make herself invisible, Joan waited for them to pass the alcove and make their way downstairs.
It is enough to make you break out in a cold sweat.
No wonder she's bundle of nerves.
Fortescue is hopping like a cat on hot bricks, demanding something should be done, but he has no more idea than I what can be done.
Yeah, or hold your breath for fifteen to thirty minutes.
Thus, for animals in the absence of suffering, ignorance is bliss.
The man had nerves of steel and didn't need anyone's good wishes.
You get your legs get stiff you get pins and needles and things like that.
He's scared stiff of going away to school and all this' Irish' nonsense is just an excuse to get out of it.
Nutty watched on tenterhooks as Hoomey took in his new situation, the centre of an admiring crowd.
Put it on at seven o'clock er Emmerdale Farm, but you see when it goes on you feel as though you're tongue tied all be completely anonymous these are all same, but they're different.
A trip to the loo brought to mind the childhood phrase ants in your pants.
The next is bright eyed and bushy tailed, whilst Tara is still rather wobbly.
I think that these articles will hit home, cause a stir, such a stir as Henry Mayhew created some time ago when he, too, wrote of the cabined and confined lives of the capital's poor.
Bernie's such an eager beaver.
I was sitting on the edge of my seat, jumping up and down, shouting.
Her legs trembled as his strokes of desire on her thighs crazed her need to fever pitch.
We wished to go the extra mile and give the Chinese side every opportunity to respond.
Hold your horses, mate. Here's Charlie now.
There they are, the Jocks, all lined up and raring to go.
Millions of carers argue that they bear the brunt of the job... without recognition, or proper payment.
The only thing I'm bent out of shape about is that nobody knows it's a different pickup; everyone thinks it's a regular Trembucker.
Other people in the world beside yourself, you know.
You know, because it was absolute, I was bored to tears.
You have what is called, I believe, a large chip on your shoulder.
She says it was too close to home and it could easily have been them.
We watch as friendships come apart at the seams, as lives of promise collapse under the weight of illness or despair or disillusion, but there is a reckless exhilaration about it all.
She was cut to the quick by the accusation.
Deep down he was knocked out.
The soft sound of voiding filled the air as he rolled over in agony like a fish out of water.
Well, in the morning, when you've got over your fit of pique, about I don't know what, I'll expect an apology from you.
It's a Freudian slip isn't it really?
For Pete's sake woman, get a grip on yourself.
Have a practice click, get it out of your system please.
Don't let him get worked up.
Mike Waterlane's their only decent player, and he'll go to pieces as soon as his father turns up.
Hard as nails. a real bugger. particularly about money.
It wasn't just the usual liaison: the two of them fell head over heels in love.
But parents, British Aerospace, say no change of heart.
Herbert Hobden (Holzinger) tried hard to keep a stiff upper lip as he was introduced, with his ten-year-old sister, to his new home
'I expect I shall manage,' she said, determined to look on the bright side.
You don't tell me it's because you've got a lump in your throat, or an ache in your heart, or a sensation of nausea in your stomach.
Others had, and were experiencing mixed feelings.
I told him there were no hard feelings and that I was only thinking of the club.
And Marion Aluinn would find her long nose out of joint.
People with whom one has had personal or professional differences a row or a clash of principle are best avoided because meeting them might demand emotional resources that aren't there, open old wounds, or challenge one's public certainties that in fact feel all too precarious.
My bet is Peachcake'll be pleased as punch.
In an effort to save face, he adopted a casual attitude hoping that his staff would think that he actually meant to keep his hat on all day long just for the heck of it, like gangsters do in the films.
As Sheila watched him go, she knew that in spite of the hurtful words he had just spoken she would always have a soft spot for the man.
The 8 successful trips so far speak volumes.
I need to let off steam.
It's steamed up between the layers is that what you're looking at.
You never saw such a frenzy as her frantic rush to dress herself, me pulling outfits from the wardrobe, she rejecting them as fast as they landed on the bed, trying on and discarding until she stood there in a stew of irritation and indecision in nothing but bra and panties.
If you're good at do-it-yourself, then fine, have a go, if you're not  this particularly applies to the gents, swallow your pride and get somebody in to do it for you.
How musical the river and how charming the trees whispering sweet nothings as we pass.
His uncle had mentioned every Anglo-Irish family in the district, hoping, he suspected, that he would meet some girl and take a fancy to her.
Devices and Desires, a large concrete and plastic excretion, results from Allen's meditations on the saying, wear your heart on your sleeve.
Nutty watched on tenterhooks as Hoomey took in his new situation: the centre of an admiring crowd.
But if by some extraordinary chance you should one day wander into a forest and catch a glimpse of a Minpin, then hold your breath and thank your lucky stars because up to now, so far as I know, no one excepting Little Billy has ever seen one.
I used to think the world of her when she came to stay.
Dora accepted these ministrations without protest, but Melissa thought she detected a growing restiveness and a thinly veiled relief when at last they said goodnight and returned to their own room.
The Milton Humberside whose looks could make a woman turn weak at the knees, and whose ducted fluorescent shelf units were in use from Hartlepool to Exeter and back again?
Well then at least I'm  they'd bury me with bells on my ankles then.
It's probably the aspirin sweating the chill out.
I was absolutely in my element, how did I come over, Jannie?
Just feast your eyes on Chichester's winning municipal car park.
Men propping up the bar over lunch will bewail the loss of earlier freedoms when they were footloose and fancy free.
The eating had ended, and the drinking was in full swing.
You're full of the joys of spring at the moment, so make the most of this harmonious period.
I expect the other sort have a ball like Bella.
If attending a wedding or party of close friends, you should have the time of your life
Me friend over in Norway, she said she's she got over there and sat down and she thought, yes, she's got the Complete Works of Shakespeare, I'll have a whale of a time trying to read it, she picks up the book, it's all in Norwegian.
Let Your Hair Down' boasts a Beatles riff and a Michael Hutchence vocal.
Right, Sergeant, you take your boy elsewhere and I'll see what jolly Jacko, the life and soul of the party, wants.
You want to have a good time and paint the town red this weekend.
The party is over.
Well I said I think he was pulling your leg.
Pull the other one, Jo, it's got bells on it.
Mm, well it's supposed, they're designed to do that aren't they, so at the end of it you're ready to throttle them, when you got the punch line it's on telly.
He probably was told to go home and take it easy, you know.
With education, the world is your oyster.
Dorothy Snook, of Bristol, will be on cloud nine after a stay at the Hereford Moat Hotel, which includes flying lessons, a balloon flight and a helicopter lesson.
She supposed she was feeling a bit down in the dumps, apprehensive too about celebrating Christmas Day at the Danbys.
He had never seen Karr looking so down in the mouth.
There seems little wrong with that, for we have been living in a fools paradise for years and also depriving the Americans of value.
He was grinning from ear to ear and pointing his finger up to the flies.
The reason why the Cheshire cheesemakers saw fit to add a grinning cat to their product was because the expression to' grin like a Cheshire Cat' was already in use for another reason altogether.
Oh, he's on the telly, he must be happy as Larry.
Never really bothered too much about that, and I've always been very like erm ooh, la, ha, ha, you think that's funny, er happy go lucky I don't think, I think if I was neurotic
My heart sinks, the great indefiniteness of the world is spreading through the files like damp.
Our hockey girls jump for joy as Jane Sixsmith scores the goal that clinched a bronze medal.
Chairman all I've heard so far is music to my ears er thank you. I'd like to er say one or two words before er moving the amendment and I, I'm very pleased to to hear that the two are to be incorporated as it were into this one.
You will never look back.
What, so you'd be sick as a parrot if we went over the moon together?
He's as pleased as Punch about it.
He stares at you in raptures.
Maxine Barrie, the Shirley Bassey lookalike who came out on top in the Granada TV Stars In Your Eyes programme, is appearing tonight at the Shotton Hall Banqueting Suite, Peterlee in a Valentine's Night Special.
She was in seventh heaven.
Good god ur Susan will be thrilled to bits if you went again.
But Princess Di was tickled pink yesterday by this new portrait.
There's this piece of contemporary mythology that the forties are the best time of your life.
Anyway, she's on top of the world.
I'm absolutely walking on air.
Mark'll go bananas I expect.
Your harebrained idea of going to the chap instead of me.
No but I'm not used to all the boys like being around and they're really manipulative, you know, and they really, they're really cunning and clever, you know? And I'm not all there, you know?
But a man could go nuts sitting around wondering about what might happen.
The lady with the upright hair who Gloria said had a screw loose, clattered into the bedroom holding out a steaming jug on a tray.
The scheme had an interior logic to it but in order to see it you had to be, let me see, stark raving mad, I suppose.
You must be stir crazy.
Please don't make me eat my words.
Well despite that Freudian slip there, no they don't take problem owners.
If you're not this particularly applies to the gents, swallow your pride and get somebody in to do it for you.
Everything seems to be done by trial and error.
He was so wide of the mark that it made her smile.
The Oistrakhs bow and scrape in evening dress, on Emi-tape.
I suppose it was not the done thing for a book of Rambles.
But in this case the routine's got huggered up, if you'll excuse my French, because someone's short-circuited the standard procedure.
Watch for the fireworks, or gatecrash the party in ten minutes.
Christ, Arty, watch your language.
My attitude on the block was, they know what they're there for, if they overstep the mark they know what to expect.
The Marine paused, as if to allow time for any of the three to speak out of turn.
We don't stand on ceremony in this house.
If one can speak of a vocal Achilles heel, then Miss Roocroft's is still her cloudy diction.
The news that oil prices had shot above forty dollars a barrel set alarm bells ringing in E C headquarters in Brussels.
It was asking for trouble especially if you wore glasses like him.
He reached the level of the bridge, swung his back to the wall, covering the ladder they had just used as Forster made for the door.
He's bit and bridle, ball and chain, a rope to tether me like any other animal.
It's always been the bane of my life that you can eat your way through a tuckshop without gaining a pound while I only have to look at a picture of a cream cake to make the scales groan.
Your link's on the blink.
He realised that he'd opened up a can of worms.
Only I had to carry the can for it.
I was terrified of him, but I found myself in a horrible Catch 22 situation.
There were ominous dark clouds gathering overhead now and a chill wind.
There was a cloud on the horizon, however, which worried the Bradleys.
Still, there shouldn't be any need to let matters come to a head, not if you agree to be sensible and rectify your mistakes.
Come hell or high water, he'd always managed to get his mother a present.
Everything will come out in the wash, and Flashman will deserve it all.
He was terribly sorry for her, being how she was, but supposed they all had their cross to bear, like Jazz being coloured, and Gary having Stalin for a father.
BettySinclair adopted a' cross that bridge when we come to it' attitude, which means that she wants the back door left open for a sell-out.
Was this the crux of the matter?
It isn't always easy for anyone to get to the bottom of every detail of a bill er which refers to earlier legislation.
When the going gets tough, where will the hostess retreat to?
Soon the cat's back and the seal would be high and dry.
He's in dire straits -- can't you see that?
After being left in the lurch like that, she'd probably have talked.
So in fact he knew that he was known as the last resort
You heard it could be murder?
A necessary evil for patients like Christine Tweddle.
I feel that once parents begin to become too aware of norms, they worry, and therefore unless a child is grossly out of sync, if you like, with their peers, I wouldn't say it would matter, but yes, one would expect a three year old to be talking at one extreme.
If we go to any local government official and talk to him about local government finance and how the council tax might work, he will say that it is nonsense and a case of trying to muddle through and paper over the cracks simply to make the package a little more presentable for electoral purposes.
Always pass the buck.
But I am in a pickle when I get one.
There's one thing about junk food -- it gives you a quick fix of carbohydrates and sugar.
Newspaper staff put on a brave face.
Saved by the bell.
Take care not to scratch the surface on plastic baths.
Heavy dependence on sponsorship and arts council cash could spell trouble as the recession hits arts budgets.
This too may merely serve to let the situation spiral out of control.
And never forget, it's an away match, and we're on a sticky wicket.
We're not trying to stir up a hornet 's nest but we do want to let everyone know what we're trying to achieve.
Runcorn bid to stop the rot.
Maths is absolutely the fundamental stumbling block, isn't it, in a sense?
But I think it's take the bull by the horns
They always take the easy way out.
Just like the tar baby, eh?
The launch day saw a few teething problems.
Though their functions were only 200 yards apart, the thorny issue of who will attend the royal wedding has caused a huge gulf between them.
It is inappropriate simply to throw money at these problems in the hope that they will be consequently solved.
They were quick to spot the first ripples of concern which have surged into a tide over the past year.
Hearthwares shall come, in case we need to fight our way out of some tight spot.
Brothers and sisters, the Maxwell scandal was only the tip of the iceberg.
It would be' an unmitigated disaster' and a course the Government would never follow.
Voice over Oxford's uphill battle against relegation continues tomorrow at Barnsley.
There will be no justice and no liberation until the vicious circle is broken and the tyranny of the family is smashed.
The Boozebuster went off without a hitch.
I'll batten down the hatches.
It was a calculated risk to take a man without forensic experience, but we were looking for a manager primarily.
In addition it was to be hoped that Max could come up with some fairly definite cause of death; and it was even possible (if only just) that the surgeon might throw caution to the wind for once and volunteer a tentative approximation of the time it had actually happened.
Because when you do run across the road, you get to the other side, and you're thinking, good gracious, that was a close shave, I'll have to sit down for a minute, I think I'll have a cup of coffee or something.
Or do you wait till they tire of the taunting and go to release the victim when the coast is clear?
Parents have been selected to become erm, relatively insensitive to signs of distress in the offspring, because erm, as where they cry wolf all the time, and as a result, erm, parents don't take crying as seriously in children as they do in adults.
Not everyone yearns to dice with death.
You need the help I can give you because if you unknowingly make a false move or fail to react promptly because you're not sure what to do, your daughter will be dispensed with as being too risky a property.
But now, in her present jittery, restless mood, it seemed fraught with danger.
Government can hang on to its defence of corporal punishment only by a hair 's breadth.
But here and there some found action on this very camp, and didn't live to tell the tale
For more information, and a free booklet called' Look Before You Leap',
We're on the edge of what we call a no go area, if we try to sail any closer to the wind the boat will come upright, the sail will flap and we'll slow down and stop and so the best we can make either side of the no go area is known as a beat.
Still, I admit he seems to be able to keep out of harm 's way.
A sudden reckless urge to play with fire made her deliberately provoke him.
If you believe in a drogue, or sea-anchor, up-hook, scratch-in, and rig one, then ride it out and ride with it and tell me when you sight London Bridge.
We know employees are being blackmailed with their jobs to risk life and limb so employers can make a fat profit at our expense.
Sharpe, his message in safe hands, was free to return and watch the French.
So it's best just to be er on the safe side.
The first type had power, and safety in numbers.
Russia and Ukraine sail close to the wind on Black Sea fleet.
It's her small child who is at stake.
Now if he'd just take cover and place some well-aimed bursts with his blaster.
Watch your step.
Possibly his mother had fallen asleep at the wheel.
Forty winks.
Then the two cups of decaff before you hit the sack.
The Seychelles lie in the middle of the Indian Ocean, just a few degrees south of the equator.
She returned to bed and went out like a light.
But tonight they were ready to drop, must sleep.
Your mother used to sleep like a log.
Ye gods, even when he is awake all he ever says is let's sleep on it.
I did not sleep a wink last night for worrying about you and if you are alright.
Do you make love with your business partner and, to prove I still have my humour, is he your sleeping partner?
The Oxford West and Abingdon seat is likely to be a neck-and-neck sprint to the finish between the Tories and the Liberal Democrats with Labour a more spirited also-ran.
Back to square one again Shel.
There now let's put this in the bag.
And if you ever have word for me that may bear fruit, come and ask entry to me wherever I am.
The Dalek Killer's led us up a blind alley.
The best-selling sexually explicit blockbuster phenomenon is to do with money, nothing to do with literature.
In similar fashion the bottom fell out of the illustrious 1817 sovereign market in the mid-1970s when investors realised that they were paying 50 per cent over the melt price for a coin minted in millions.
Plant says the act'll bring the house down.
He looked like the petrol-soaked wreck of a swan come to grief in a polluted river.
From what I've heard he's come up in the world since he went to work for Christian Timms.
Two goals from Wayne Biggins kept Stoke on course for the Third Division title with a 3-0 home win over Darlington.
It all but sunk Pompey and put United on the crest of the wave.
Cut your losses, Woolley.
And talking of police, it's a dead cert that the very day a Neighbourhood Watch leaflet arrives, detailing all the recent burglaries.
As theories go, that's a dead duck.
She's dead in the water, and out of range of our conventional rescue forces.
Draper says, the dice are loaded against the parents.
It's all downhill from now on.
Two graduates of Manchester University draw a blank at the job centre.
And fall flat on your face?'
There is no connection between it and my son's fall from grace as I'm sure you will understand.
I don't, I think it was just a flash in the pan.
And she passed with flying colours
Oxford University's Matthew Syed has got off to a flying start in the Olympic Qualifying tournament in Italy, winning both his opening matches.
One was that, since she was on a fool 's errand anyway, she wasn't going to dress up for it.
But the French auction house has evidently decided to keep its foot in the door of this potentially lucrative market.
This month, try to get a foothold on freedom.
But I'll tell you who Evans has elected front runner.
However, if you think your anger is going to get the better of you, then you'd better be realistic and responsible.
When master-manufacturers talked of the danger of communism which lurked behind any limitation of the absolute right of employers to hire and fire at will, they meant not social revolution but merely that the right of property and the right of domination were indistinguishable, and a bourgeois society must go to the dogs once interference with property rights was permitted.
Oh go up in smoke
You've got it made if only you'd realise it.
The animal was tethered in the byre, its hugely muscled body down on its knees like a sacred beast from Indian mythology.
President-elect Clinton takes office in January after a landslide victory over Bush earlier this month.
The young members section has come on in leaps and bounds in the last few years.
She'd live to fight another day.
It sounds like the Fire Service has come a long way from the early years.
The insurance business cycle is also at a low ebb.
I'm not fighting anybody just because they've decided to make a comeback.
At this point, technique becomes personal preference, you can either make the cut in the stock first and then prepare the bud for insertion.
She was determined to make a go of this new house
To put that off, she needed to make headway that would be noticed in the real world.
With six shoes under 37, Diadora is likely to make inroads into the budget end of the market.
They're a safe investment, but in love you can make a killing overnight.
This was make or break.
That, she thought, will be the moment of truth.
Twenty years of police service had convinced him that Murphy 's law applied especially to police operations
We're not you know we're not getting anywhere.
Nothing succeeds like success and it applies perfectly to the Sainsbury family
For a moment, she was looking directly out of the picture.
It is only through my imaginative shuffling of the aces that we are able to stay ahead of the pack.
Well pack it in both of you.
Do I pass muster?
Californians are outsiders over half have travelled thousands of miles for a place in the sun.
But tomorrow never happens and, worse, the wife does the one thing absolutely guaranteed to put the kibosh on the whole matter.
Inflation seemed like a pyrrhic victory, almost a tease.
A proper rags to riches saga.
I opened my eyes to the sun riding high over Fair Hill.
I'm sure your spirits will rise to the occasion.
Not only does it meet his own policy expectations but it does so in language supplied by Mr Greenspan in congressional testimony which would allow Mr Greenspan to run rings around his Administration critics.
She grabbed Steve's sleeve, their eyes in unison watched the ball sail through the air and high over the net.
Fraser Digby was trying to save the day when he gave away a penalty
We sink or swim together.
You know, sky 's the limit with this.
The video for the smash hit Walking On Broken Glass.
As the season draws to a thrilling climax, with Swansea and Llanelli both bearing down on a possible league and cup double, Pontypridd and Newport get their chance to throw a spanner in the works at the Bank Holiday back-to-back Schweppes Cup semi-finals at the Cardiff Arms Park.
I don't think they will throw in the towel as they did against Pontypool last year.
He was like that, always had to be top dog.
The newly-married couple on the up and up.
Little big man shows his stature Ian Ridley watches the champion weather the storm with mixture of shots to mount a spirited defence
Win-win describes one of three possible outcomes from a transaction between people.
In the spring of 1956 both London and Washington decided that all they could do for the moment was to allow the Aswan offer to " wither on the vine ".
He used a wooden spoon to stir the mixture, whistling softly.
I hope she doesn't throw the empty glass out into the void to follow its contents; pity the hapless passer-by under that little bolt from the blue.
Then I got a phone call out of the blue from Mandy the next morning.
Mrs Friar's jaw dropped.
Good God, he thought, I should like to do something that would really make her jump out of her skin for once.
It won't knock your socks off, but any new species of parrot is pretty exciting.
But they were some well on, lo and behold, could open the door two or three minutes late.
Indeed, there is a tint of punk rock as in a couple of places and this will raise eyebrows vocalist Billy Nicholson sounds like the dreaded John Lydon.
John was standing rooted to the spot, his expression stony.
If you're still not convinced, seeing is believing.
Manville stopped dead in his tracks, whirling to confront the guard.
What he actually wanted to say was, I'm struck dumb with love.
I can't believe it, wonders will never cease.
And as for you, Fiona, words fail me.
If a person were to announce to a policeman that he was about to go to the house of his sworn enemy and beat the living daylights out of him, it would not make sense if the law were that the policeman had to follow the suspect to the locus in quo and only then arrest him.
Elves and Men had come to blows in the past and might do so again.
The woman has had to fight tooth and nail, probably, and work much harder, to get at an equal level with the man, so I would suspect that I'm getting value for and quality there by going for the woman.
Without it there could be a free for all and if abolition goes through the employers may well find themselves having to resort to some form of cooperative or wages club in its place.
Officers at Darlington Borough Council say the gloves are off in the battle for compensation over the town's 12m Dolphin Centre sports complex.
Combination techniques between two adversaries are pretty much tit for tat.
Southwold are up in arms with it.
Poor man was through the wars, wasn't he?
You've been in the wars rather, haven't you?
It is, and no doubt will remain, a moot point whether, in these events, the old parliaments were abolished and replaced by novel creations, or whether a pre-existing parliament was merely renamed.
I always seem to, I think we, we were always at Stanford Hall that we must, it was a must that we have a good programme because if somebody comes and there's nothing doing, they think well.
The European parliament is at odds with the Commission and member states over the draft directive covering working conditions for employees sent to another EC country under contract to provide a specific service.
They are not after an olive branch.
She wanted to go home, but it was out of the question.
Over my dead body,' Mitch stormed.
Are you trying to pick a fight?
After all, we're trying to pick holes in it.
He has not given up the running battle between them over the question of form, which started out with his victory on accommodation.
I have constructed a kitchen out of flatpacks with only one minor nervous breakdown and one remarkable shouting match involving my wife, her mother, myself and how a length of pine beading ought to be attached to several wall cupboards.
We could easily quite often sit on the fence and say the sun may come out or it may stay cloudy all day.
But I don't want to split hairs.
It's water under the bridge now.
We have to wipe the slate clean and start all over again.
A smalltime crook who got caught in the crossfire when I was working on a story a couple of years ago.
Their mission was less ambitious than the day before, just to clear the air over the battlefield.
Last night, you were dead set against the idea.
Are you playing devil 's advocate, by any chance?
I'll give you where's the kid... she's your daughter, Roy Ryan, and you fought hammer and tongs to marry her mother.
Even now her husband's dead, he's not willing to let bygones be bygones.
Though he never forgave me, or my mother for having helped me, both into his world and out of it, he was sufficiently my father to let sleeping dogs lie.
For almost 18 months Margaret Thatcher and Nigel Lawson have been at loggerheads over sterling.
If he had known what fate lay in store for his beloved Boks perhaps State President F.W. de Klerk would have decided against holding a midweek reception for the three teams about to lock horns for the supremacy of the Southern Hemisphere.
Between him and the famous pathologist now arriving, there was no love lost.
It is an absolute red herring and they are just trying to make a mountain out of a molehill.
His production of Mrs Warren's Profession for the National Theatre in 1971 steered cunningly clear of melodrama; his Much Ado About Nothing for the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1971 featured white parasols and sun-dappled lawns that seemed to evoke the world of Turgenev.
So the order's on so I've got to try and argue the toss with her.
We tricked them into holding fire until we were about a mile out, then all hell broke loose.
Once again the battle lines are drawn.
His officer had recommended him, noticing he was not like everyone else, that he never buckled, and, in life's battle of wills, could stare down any enemy, overcome any weakness.
The real bone of contention as if you didn't know is money.
So Barry Brittlebank has a bone to pick with my grammar.
Last night's developments came just 24 hours after today revealed how Diana had agreed a secret pact with Charles to bury the hatchet for the sake of appearances.
Resisting the temptation to call his bluff by pretending someone was with her, she asked how he had got on in Glasgow.
Everyone ought to be up in arms about it.
Why don't you guys get off my back?
Donald and Jean had disappeared and Mary was in a black mood, striding along and making old Donald gasp.
No longer are my positive and negative leads just hanging free about to blow a fuse or allow my personal electricity to seep away.
I'm so cheesed off with you lot can't we do anything about it?
Who's offside, who's offside for crying out loud?
But er you know used to cut it out of er big chunks.
Little kids eat you alive, they want so much physically and emotionally.
All right, all right, no need to get your knickers in a twist.
But vegetarianism is purely a matter of choice and there's no people that harp on about you shouldn't eat meat, get on my nerves.
Give it a rest, Jack.
However, one party source said: The gloves are off.
Mrs Mangle would be mortified, Harold horrified... and Scott would go spare.
Once that happens, according to the Meat and Livestock Commission, the floodgates will open and prices will go through the roof.
Most have been exterminated, and good riddance to them.
Joe thought it was wiser to help her get up and fight her hard luck than to harp on it.
And people can also get pretty hot under the collar on Central Weekend.
Conversely, you'll kick yourself if you waste your energy on a petty distraction just because it's a point of pride.
I was going to make a song and dance when we got the 100th subscriber, but 98's near enough.
Usually she flashed back with a Mind Your Own Business, if anyone asked her a question.
He appears to have a quick temper and uses his hands continually when he speaks.
It made her want to rant and rave and kick out at something - preferably him.
She was ready to scream blue murder when the flap landed on her tender slit.
Matilda was also beginning to see red.
He held his temper on a pretty short fuse, and it was as liable to explode in the face of a headmaster as in that of a dustman.
Their steamed up windows excited George.
It's a subject that makes my blood boil and disappointments have left me a blister short of swearing.
Surely a barber didn't hold his client in this way, was he perhaps going too far.
Pills take the biscuit.
That hadn't been the last straw, far from it.
Well, well, well, another humanoid to try my patience.
From July onwards the town of Whaddon had waited with bated breath.
She was a bundle of nerves.
Like a cat on hot bricks, ain't she?
Yeah, it's not good to hold your breath for too long, mind.
Consequently, some doctors believe that ignorance is bliss.
He longed for action, yearned to be trusted with high responsibilities, to undertake prodigious feats requiring a cool head, a stout heart and nerves of steel.
He woke with pins and needles in his foot and Lee poking him.
I'm scared stiff I'm going to lose touch with my children.
Drama Zoff detailed the drama behind the scenes as Gazza was kept on tenterhooks for the past four days, wondering whether he would make his Italian debut.
Early in the 1970s, the BBC Horizon film' Joey', based on the book' Tongue Tied', a true life autobiography by Joey Deacon about his life in a mental hospital.
He also gives us a measured degree of self doubt mixed with evasiveness and a realistic progression from a young, ambitious eager beaver on the music hall circuit to a very old man languishing with his memories in Switzerland.
I was on the edge of my seat for most of the time but nobody could deny we deserved this result.
The fans at fever pitch.
All this when her only motivation was to go the extra mile under all circumstances.
Hold your horses, Mrs Parvis.
He was raring to go.
Wimbledon had been expected to bear the brunt of the FA's displeasure because of their past record.
You are beside yourself.
Mind, I get bored to tears with doing this every damn day.
And you still have a chip on your shoulder.
Male speaker It's a bit close to home.
If the unholy alliance in favour of the National Curriculum is likely to come apart at the seams over the issue of resource, so also, given the very different aspirations of those who support its introduction, there is likely to be a parting of the ways over principles.
When Lucy suggested a quick drink, Jay was cut to the quick and described herself, with sparse and ironic regret, as working late.
So what's changed?' Deep down he knew.
Alyssia watched from the sidelines, feeling like a fish out of water, watching Piers from under her lashes.
Maybe this was in a fit of pique when the relationship was down rather than up.
'OK, A apple,' said Rufus, conscious of his Freudian slip.
Might get it out of your system.
I don't think you should let yourself get worked up like that.
But he was a tough boy and he determined not to go to pieces.
I can fight for whatever I want and I'm hard as nails.
Sam was obviously head over heels in love with is new bride, and Martha was clearly content.
How did Andres Valenzuela get sucked in, and what prompted his change of heart?
Paul didn't keep a stiff upper lip because that was the way that he thought that Christians should behave.
Look on the bright side, you're braver than I was.
When the band strikes up, when you start up that village and folk cheer, there is a big lump in your throat, and that is when you are paid back.
Vic reads this article with mixed feelings.
No hard feelings, I can understand your concern.
Has Richard put your nose out of joint?
He's as pleased as Punch about it.
The only person that didn't was Fish, who had to save face and went on claiming it was true.
I'll always have a soft spot for Wigan, my memories of 1984-85 are priceless.
Body language can speak volumes on these occasions.
Others have behavioural problems and need to let off steam in a safe and controlled setting.
And the brothers who are getting all steamed up about their driving test.
In a stew?
So swallow your pride and don't make an enemy of your own child.
Otley put his arm round my shoulders as we made our way to Claro and began to whisper sweet nothings.
She was not going to dig up ancient grievances or remind Gloria of days gone by, when she used to come into the Watermen with half a dozen different gentlemen-friends in tow or, which was even worse, unaccompanied and on the look-out for a lonely man who might take a fancy to her.
He'll be on tenterhooks the whole time, and muttering to the parents things.
But if you were' with it' you watched the Saturday pop show Thank Your Lucky Stars which was hosted by Brian Matthew.
And they both think the world of Heather.
Prince Michael of Kent has launched a thinly veiled attack on freeloading members of the royal family.
The idea makes me feel weak at the knees.
Mike was wearing a jester's outfit with bells on, one leg red and the other leg yellow.
Chill out with winter fashion.
I was in my element.
If you are just happy to dream, feast your eyes on this selection of motoring marvels, as seen through the eyes of our motoring correspondent, Peter Jones.
The dog hunt is in full swing on a fresh scent.
On a good day, it only takes a glimpse of blue sky or a tree in blossom to make me feel full of the joys of spring and in love with life
So to meself I sey, where shall I have a ball?
I think. you really ought to let your hair down and become one horny bitch.
But old Walter, he was such a jolly soul-so bright, and loud, and down-to-earth, so much the life and soul of the party. Not at all my idea of a writer.
Tonight we're going to paint the town red.
The overiding feeling among local people is one of relief that the party is over.
It's all right, I'm only pulling your leg.
Pull the other one.
They always saw his jokes before he got to the punch line.
I get a bit dizzy again and have to take it easy, so what I do is I walk with one arm against the shop windows.
Gispy Fiddler put Jonjo on cloud nine with a Royal Ascot win two years ago and was having his first run for almost a year when shaping well behind Bit Of A Lark at Haydock.
When I left you last night you were positively down in the dumps.
Jesus ain't arf depressed at seeing his children down in the mouth, me deario.
There was a tall muscular man of about his own age standing naked before him, grinning from ear to ear.
She turned to see a very large handsome man holding out a cardigan and grinning like a Cheshire cat.
He had to make his own terms. Ten years later Burton would have been as happy as Larry.
In the evening the surround tops flamed red in the rays of the setting sun and cheerful singing emanated from the tent of our happy go lucky band of sherpas
But my heart sinks within me.
If they jump for joy today hold off until they sober up again.
It is pleasing that there is a large degree of support for the Southern fire station as I said it was music to my ears.
I was certain that from now I would never look back.
Oh, Mother is over the moon with him, but I'm not, Peggy.
He had landed a contract as pleased as Punch, and I made a feast for his friends.
But Leonora was in seventh heaven.
The old lady was in raptures over him, however.
Oh I said I'm thrilled to bits with that.
We were all tickled pink.
It was a bit of a shock, you see, coming back and finding everyone had moved out, the happiest time of your life just a pile of rubble.
People who believe in the ancient chinese art of Chi-Dynamics say it'll make you feel on top of the world.
He understood now all those clichs about hearts singing, feeling ten feet high, walking on air, cloud nine.
You can bet your bottom dollar some teams would go bananas on that.
The company is regarded as a corporate basket case that would no longer exist if it were subjected to the normal commercial disciplines faced by all its foreign competitors.
He had even heard himself referred to as not all there.
I'd go nuts.
You're absolutely off your rocker, Dot.
Poor Loopy Lil, she had a screw loose.
Perhaps that was why people who talked to themselves usually had an abstracted smile - they had accepted they were stark raving mad, loony tunes, round the twist.
Now she comes to a decision whatever the cost and there is a cost, she's gon na have to eat humble pie, how are they gon na receive her when she goes back.
It's a Freudian slip isn't it really?
So swallow your pride and don't make an enemy of your own child.
The conscious use of analogy, metaphor, playing a hunch, brainstorming, sheer chance, trial and error or heuristics are the stuff of the think tank, where lively minds, well versed in vertical thinking, strike imaginative sparks one from another.
In Oslo yesterday, diplomats warned that the Nobel committee had a reputation for security and the leaked forecasts might prove wide of the mark.
As long as we bow and scrape to the descendants of an obscure family of German princelings, that is exactly what we will remain.
For the great majority, the industrial co-operative is just not the done thing.
Anyone who tries to gatecrash will be turned away.
Watch your language.
But Charlton was quick to squash any suggestion his players overstep the mark physically.
I don't want to speak out of turn, of course.
They should not stand on ceremony and overtly assert their authority.
Derry's achilles heel so far in the current campaign has been a lacklustre, inconstant midfield.
Can't put the handbrake on and sit on your hands with the alarm bells ringing because a babuska's on her way home with her son-in-law's dinner.
It's just plain asking for trouble.
I managed to get a spot with my back to the wall.
While at Bradford in 1911, Mr. Spencer had been a pioneer with trolleybus development and with his permission, the Associated Equipment Company (another UndergrounD Group subsidiary), demonstrated a single deck trolleybus of quite modern appearance for the time, somewhere on the South Metropolitan system during 1922, presumably with one trolley on the wire and towing a ball and chain
The blasted thing's on the blink again.
But you can't have missed this can of worms, even from a foot deep of sand.
Making me carry the can.
There is a crystal clear Catch 22 situation here.
Great, round clouds rolled slowly across the sky like whales and a chill wind slapped their faces as they clattered along the pavement to Angelo's Cafe.
And that wasn't the only dark cloud on the horizon.
Matters did not, however, come to a head until the war had ended.
She'd come this far to say her piece and say it she would, come hell or high water.
Angry Fry vowed to take Barnet to an industrial tribunal for unfair dismissal -- promising that the story of his stormy relationship with Flashman would' all come out in the wash.
You must regard us as a cross to bear.
But Ms McIlroy grasped the nub and crux of the matter.
All I want to do is get to the bottom of this.
As they say, when the going gets tough, the tough gets going.
